List every contract in each API doc section (#4848)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: contracts/utils/README.adoc

 * {MerkleProof}: Functions for verifying https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Merkle_tree[Merkle Tree] proofs.
 * {EIP712}: Contract with functions to allow processing signed typed structure data according to https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-712[EIP-712].
 * {ReentrancyGuard}: A modifier that can prevent reentrancy during certain functions.
 * {Pausable}: A common emergency response mechanism that can pause functionality while a remediation is pending.
 * {Nonces}: Utility for tracking and verifying address nonces that only increment.
 * {ERC165, ERC165Checker}: Utilities for inspecting interfaces supported by contracts.
 * {BitMaps}: A simple library to manage boolean value mapped to a numerical index in an efficient way.
 * {EnumerableMap}: A type like Solidity's https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/latest/types.html#mapping-types[`mapping`], but with key-value _enumeration_: this will let you know how many entries a mapping has, and iterate over them (which is not possible with `mapping`).
 * {EnumerableSet}: Like {EnumerableMap}, but for https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Set_(abstract_data_type)[sets]. Can be used to store privileged accounts, issued IDs, etc.

>  * {DoubleEndedQueue}: An implementation of a queue (or https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double-ended_queue[dequeue]) whose values can be removed added or remove from both sides. Useful for FIFO and LIFO queues.

Reviewer: queue and dequeue are not the same thing.
```suggestion
 * {DoubleEndedQueue}: An implementation of a https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double-ended_queue[double ended queue] whose values can be removed added or remove from both sides. Useful for FIFO and LIFO queues.
```

 * {Checkpoints}: A data structure to store values mapped to an strictly increasing key. Can be used for storing and accessing values over time.
 * {Multicall}: Simple way to batch together multiple calls in a single external call.
 * {Create2}: Wrapper around the https://blog.openzeppelin.com/getting-the-most-out-of-create2/[`CREATE2` EVM opcode] for safe use without having to deal with low-level assembly.
 * {Address}: Collection of functions for overloading Solidity's https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/types.html#address[`address`] type.

>  * {Arrays}: Similar to {Address} but for overloading https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/types.html#arrays[`arrays`].

Reviewer: I would not say this is similar to {Address} by any means. In particular, it includes `findUpperBound` (and possibly `sort` soon).
```suggestion
 * {Arrays}: Collection of functions that operate on https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/types.html#arrays[`arrays`].
```

 * {Base64}: On-chain base64 and base64URL encoding according to https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc4648[RFC-4648].

>  * {Strings}: Common operations for strings parsing.

Reviewer: We don't do parsing
```suggestion
 * {Strings}: Common operations for strings formatting.
```

>  * {ShortString}: Library to convert short strings (less than 31-bytes long) into a single bytes32 slot for optimizing costs.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * {ShortString}: Library to encoding (and decoding) short strings into (or from) a single bytes32 slot for optimizing costs. Short strings are limited to 31 characteres.
```

 * {StorageSlot}: Methods for accessing specific storage slots formatted as common primitive types.
 * {Multicall}: Abstract contract with an utility to allow batching together multiple calls in a single transaction. Useful for allowing EOAs to perform multiple operations at once.

>  * {Context}: An utility for abstracting the sender and calldata in the current execution context.

Author: The only reason was to match the order they're in the page. It was just easier to track what's missing if they all have the same order.
